improve backup name description (#132)
Percona-Lab/percona-server-mongodb-operator: configure/backups.md

## Restore the cluster from a previously saved backup

Previously saved backups can be restored with a special *backup restore job*, configured with the [deploy/backup-restore.yaml](https://github.com/Percona-Lab/percona-server-mongodb-operator/blob/master/deploy/backup-restore.yaml) file. Following keys in this file should be edited before the job can be run:

* `secretKeyRef.name` for the `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` is the name of the Kubernetes secret with S3 credentials, and it should be the same as the `s3.secret` key value in the [deploy/cr.yaml](https://github.com/Percona-Lab/percona-server-mongodb-operator/blob/master/deploy/cr.yaml) backup section
* `BUCKET_NAME` is the S3 bucket name, and it should be same as the `s3.bucket` key value in the [deploy/cr.yaml](https://github.com/Percona-Lab/percona-server-mongodb-operator/blob/master/deploy/cr.yaml) backup section

> * `BACKUP_NAME` is the unique name of the particular backup to be restored withoud `.dump.gz` ending (the list of available backups can be seen in the S3 browser)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `BACKUP_NAME` is the unique name (without `.dump.gz` suffix) of the particular backup to be restored (the list of available backups can be seen in the S3 browser)
```

> * `secretKeyRef.name` for the `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` is the name of the Kubernetes secret with S3 credentials, and it should be the same as the `s3.secret` key value in the [deploy/cr.yaml](https://github.com/Percona-Lab/percona-server-mongodb-operator/blob/master/deploy/cr.yaml) backup section

Author: ```suggestion
* `secretKeyRef.name` it should be the same as the `s3.secret` key value in the [deploy/cr.yaml](https://github.com/Percona-Lab/percona-server-mongodb-operator/blob/master/deploy/cr.yaml) backup section
```
